# Intro-to-Programming-Final-Project

I created an application to calculate the center of mass for a 2-dimensional plane bounded by polynomial functions.

This project required me to apply the Python skills I learned throughout the semester in an independent project. The main skills implemented in this project were abstracting code into functions, preventing code repetition with loops, and exception handling.

I also used the optimize and integrate modules within the SciPy module to perform my complex calculations as well as the Matplotlib module to help the user visualize the results. In order to correctly implement these tools into my project, I had to get a good understanding of each tool and how they worked. This requried me to practice reading documentation and improve upon my skills as a developer.

The program begins by asking the user to input two polynomial functions. Input is performmed by individually inputting the coefficient and exponent of each term. Once two functions are inputted, the computer will then calculate the points of intersection to see if there are any bounds formed by intersections the functions. If there are not enough intersections, the user will be prompted to input two new functions. On the other hand, if there is at least one generated bound, the user is able to select which bound they would like to use. The computer will calculate the center of mass of the plane bounded by the functions on the given bounds and then output the result to the user. The user will then see the visualization of a graph of the functions with a point representing the center of mass. When the user closes the graph, they will have the option to view more center of mass calculations if there are more bounds for the inputted functions, input two new polynomial functions, or quit the program.
